add documentation for configuring docker labels for tag autodiscovery (#6265)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/autodiscovery/tag.md

  ad.datadoghq.com/<CONTAINER_IDENTIFIER>.tags: '{"<TAG_KEY>": "<TAG_VALUE>","<TAG_KEY_1>": "<TAG_VALUE_1>"}'
```

> Starting with Agent v7.17+, the Agent can autodiscover tags from docker labels. It allows the Agent to associate custom tags to all data emitted by a container, without [modifying the Agent `datadog.yaml` file][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Agent v7.17+, the Agent can Autodiscover tags from Docker labels. This process allows the Agent to associate custom tags to all data emitted by a container, without [modifying the Agent `datadog.yaml` file][1].
```
